Artemis Financial is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for its customers. The financial plans include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial wants to modernize its operations. As a crucial part of the success of its custom software, the company also wants to use the most current and effective software security.

It is crucial that software applications consider security as a vital requirement in any industry. Customers, especially in the financial sector to which Artemis Financial belongs, have the expectation that their data transmissions will be handled securely and protected from unauthorized viewing and malicious actors by their service provider, and the government has numerous laws and regulations that require state-of-the-art security. Providing such security not only ensures that the company is in compliance with those regulations, but gives the customers a sense of confidence and professionalism about the company, encouraging their continued business.

An important aspect of security is making sure that the application code does not include vulnerabilities of its own. We can ensure this through static analysis and code review, making sure that any inputs to the application are correctly validated and sanitized, and that we do not allow arbitrary user-provided strings to be executed as code. Failure to follow this recommendation can make our application vulnerable to several kinds of injection attacks, such as SQL injection or SpEL injection.

Another key aspect is ensuring that the application's dependencies do not include known vulnerabilities. For this, we use the Maven dependency-check plugin, which analyzes the application's dependency graph and reports any known vulnerabilities in the application's dependencies. Ideally, we would apply mitigation strategies such as upgrading to more recent, patched versions of the dependencies in which the security vulnerabilities have been remedied. In some cases, though, there may not yet be a fix; then it comes to a business decision whether to accept the vulnerability or to rework the application to use a different dependency that does not suffer from the vulnerability.
